feat(blog): Intro to DDD and Core Concepts (#24)
SAP/curated-resources-for-domain-driven-design: blog/0002-core-concepts.md

# The Core Concepts of Domain-Driven Design

![Dalle-E Generated Artwork](./images/ff1dfe51-6cd9-42d7-9f6d-1793a1a23d7c.png)

We all want to create better code as software development teams, and Domain-Driven Design (DDD) is one strategy that can assist us in doing so. DDD, at its heart, is an approach to software development that emphasizes the business area and the issues we're attempting to resolve rather than just the technical execution.

> The ability to establish a shared language between expert and non-technical team members is one of the main advantages of DDD. We can communicate and work together more effectively if we use words and ideas that everyone engaged in the endeavor is familiar with. This mutual knowledge can guarantee that everyone is pursuing the same objectives and prevent misunderstandings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ability to establish a shared language between expert and non-technical team members is one of the main advantages of DDD. We can communicate and work together more effectively if we use words and ideas that everyone engaged in the endeavor is familiar with. This shared understanding plays a vital role in making sure that everyone is pursuing the same objectives and prevent misunderstandings.
```

> The ability to establish a shared language between expert and non-technical team members is one of the main advantages of DDD. We can communicate and work together more effectively if we use words and ideas that everyone engaged in the endeavor is familiar with. This mutual knowledge can guarantee that everyone is pursuing the same objectives and prevent misunderstandings.

Author: done!

> Modular design is promoted by DDD, which is an additional advantage. We can more easily think about a system and make adjustments without impacting other areas of the software by breaking it down into smaller, more doable components. Long term, this may result in a system that is more adaptable and easy to manage.

Reviewer 2: Proposal for rephrasing
"this may result" => "this should result"

Testing and feedback processes are also emphasized in DDD. We can make sure that we are creating the correct thing and moving closer to our objectives by regularly verifying our ideas and getting input from peers.

At the heart of DDD are several core concepts, including:

* The concept of "Ubiquitous Language" states that every aspect of the project, from the business area to the codebase, should use the same language and terms.
* "Bounded Context" refers to the notion that various system components might interpret the same term differently and that we should establish clear boundaries between these contexts. 

> *"Entities" are system elements with distinct identities and behaviors. Value objects are those that are characterized by their traits or qualities but lack a distinctive personality. 

Reviewer 2: I am not sure if it would make sense to distinguish between strategical and tactical design and keep some details out of this (early) blog post, like entities and value objects. 
They might be confusing for the reader at this point in time.

Author: Resolved by adding a definition for a chapter for each.
